Neighbourhood Watch is an online anonymous service for reporting and tracking certain crimes and disasters.
We record the incidents, reported by our users and plot them on a map using the Google Maps service.

We believe that, the more users contribute to Neighbourhood Watch, the easier it will be to identify hot spots of crime and disasters in any given city or locality and devise effective measures for tackling these incidents and creating awareness amongst our users.

Our goal is to provide accurate and properly timed information to the public.

Neighbourhood Watch 101 : 

Reporting any crime or disaster is anonymous - we do not ask you for any personal information. The user can choose how much information he or she wants to divulge.

In addition to basic information about date and type of incident, the user has the freedom to provide some extra information that can benefit the community. Once submitted, the incident is placed on a map, as a marker and made visible to all users.

Which brings us to the main question - can you trust reports posted on our website? Well, we have adopted a simple rule of the thumb: the more people report a given incident in a given location, the more likely it is to be true. After all, faking hundreds of reports in a limited amount of time would be a difficult thing to do technically and is likely to be spotted by other website visitors.

Does it really matter?

While many people doubt whether reporting crimes and disaster changes anything, reporting such incidents changes a great deal of things! Just think about it, since all reports posted to Neighbourhood Watch are linked to an interactive map, user contributions help to identify hot spots of crime and disasters in local communities.

It is also important that all information provided on Neighbourhood Watch is publicly accessible making it possible to discuss such incidents openly as well as providing civic-minded leaders, activists and concerned authorities with insights into what is going on in their communities.

Neighbourhood Watch can also acts as an ongoing public opinion survey reflecting ordinary people's encounters with crimes and disasters. Thus, academics, policy analysts, and journalists can observe how perceptions of these incidents change with time and in response to specific measures adopted by law-enforcement agencies and management of specific institutions.